= appkernel

* http://github.com/cowboyd/appkernel

== DESCRIPTION:

AppKernel is a microframework for capturing your application in terms of minute, self-validating functions. 
Once defined, these functions can be used in rails, cocoa, an sms gateway, or wherever you want to take them.

== FEATURES:

* Package the bits of your application in terms of what it *does*, not the entities it contains.
* Get a command line interface for free (that's better than vanilla script/console)

== SYNOPSIS:

module Foo
  include AppKernel::Function
  
  function :Hello do
    option :to, :index => 1, :required => true

    validate do
     @to.check(@to != "spam", "I don't like spam!")
    end

    execute do
      "Hello #{@to}!"
    end
  end

  Hello("George") #=> "Hello, George!"
  Hello(:to => "George") #=> "Hello, George!"
  apply(Hello, "George").success? #=> true
  apply(Hello, "George").return_value => "Hello, George!"

  #Error Reporting

  Hello("spam") #=> "Exception!! I don't like spam!"
  apply(Hello, "spam").success? #=> false
  apply(Hello, "spam").return_value #=> nil
  apply(Hello, "spam").errors[:to] #=> "I don't like spam"
end


== INSTALL:

	sudo gem install appkernel

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Charles Lowell <cowboyd@thefrontside.net>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.